It is Choro Mr. wagon place and Happy New Year but it was a considerably
The answer
It is to say that 2015 beginning of the year video
This time Grand Theft Auto San Andreas Aarekun but
Before that, it's the first video in 2015, so it 's a bit like 2015's sound aspirations, so I went
I think I will do
So last year 2010 is after the moon, so quite often the frequency of posting has fallen, so this year
From Well January this month 2
I think it would be nice if I could send out a Sanyo bone video in the season
I 'm going to do a Grand Theft Auto 3 dress, this time for viewers
I think that the sound I got from you would like to answer your request
First of all, it is like about 70 gold gold pads
It wasn't fine
I have received a request but
I think there is a part that can not meet the request
This one is better
In employees in to the location that is not completely arc had a've obtained a long time
Also in also I again this man that told you again I before Yi demand whether Ne's song hall
Oh comment column
Grasp something
Club thinks how we do from now on
Come on, it is not today
Ka-js I think I would like to do the Curse
It is overwintering now
January 7 days
[musics]
Maybe nationally
I think I may be Kikawa, but
Weather entitled to be Hokkaido bad it is
Quite in I'd might reduce Toka that of wind
My name is this
Let's do this small enough
Or it was found to increase by before me machine is I'd say to say it a bike Tsu net in
Push it and use while was drifting a little bit
The
+ In flickering
In the feeling that we got a car of 5 types of sports
I'll take it as soon as I get it, until I bring my car.
It's because I cut it
To the left side to the subject to kite cod that went with sleep the car to the fact that yes
Enter I wish I was attempting to enter the communities in the two post mortem favorite horse and make
I would like to go on a test
Whether to cut
Well, it is a general police car that comes out in the new year and a
It had touched military vehicles and Amaha
The rest is fbi and Philly
Well it's not like that in difficult
It looks like just a little
Since it seawall comes with also in the car but it is a little painful
Desert will buy bad's net good sport
Let's run away today
It is a press
I want to go on a huge road
I want to become a not a sand not the earth minions desert
right
Actually not a look just leave juice Karaaaa
Good from
Booby and baby
I wonder if this is all right
Also in the daytime I got that escape but at last I wanted to do a car chase
What happens
[musics]